Document Micronaut Context dependency requirement for immutable configuration properties, scheduling, and context events. (#10095)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/aop/scheduling.adoc

== Using the @Scheduled Annotation

> The api:scheduling.annotation.Scheduled[] annotation can be added to any method of a bean, and you should set one of the `fixedRate`, `fixedDelay`, or `cron` members. To enable scheduling, add the following dependency on Micronaut Context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The api:scheduling.annotation.Scheduled[] annotation can be added to any method of a bean, and you should set one of the `fixedRate`, `fixedDelay`, or `cron` members. Scheduling requires the Micronaut Context dependency:
```

> dependency::micronaut-context[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependency::micronaut-context[]

`micronaut-context` is a transitive dependency of `micronaut-http`. If you use a Micronaut HTTP runtime, your project already includes the `Micronaut-context` dependency. 
```
